---
icon: rocket-launch
---

# Latest Product Releases

In this section, we’re excited to present a comprehensive overview of all the **latest product developments**, organized by their release date.&#x20;

At indigo.ai, each new feature is designed with three key objectives in mind:

* **Enhanced Usability and Autonomy** – Features that empower you to build, debug, and manage AI agents and workflows more independently, improving efficiency and flexibility.
* **Enterprise-Ready Security** – Strengthening platform security and compliance with tools like anti-jailbreak detection, audit logs and secrets management, to keep your data safe and secure.
* **Interactive, Cutting-Edge AI** – Bringing advanced AI capabilities to life, including more immersive and natural interactions, such as voice integration, to stay at the forefront of technology and enhance the user experience.

Below is a summary of our most recent releases. Click on each release title to explore detailed information about each update.

<table><thead><tr><th width="115.54296875">Release Date</th><th width="189.38671875">Title</th><th>Key Features</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>September 2025</td><td><a href="voice-gets-smarter-new-hang-up-and-transfer-call-blocks.md"><strong>Voice gets smarter: new Hang up and Transfer Call Blocks</strong></a></td><td>Two new blocks in voice workflows (<strong>Hang Up</strong> and <strong>Transfer Call</strong>) expand voice control capabilities.</td></tr><tr><td>September 2025</td><td><a href="evaluators-guardrails-and-conversation-logs.md"><strong>Evaluators, Guardrails &#x26; Conversation Logs</strong></a></td><td><ul><li><strong>Evaluators</strong>: Score and analyze agent responses using predefined criteria like tone or accuracy.</li><li><strong>Guardrails</strong>: Enforce response quality rules in real-time.</li><li><strong>Conversation Logs</strong>: Get full visibility into bot reasoning and decisions. </li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>May - June 2025</td><td><a href="workspace-updates-q2-2025.md"><strong>Workspace Updates - Q2 2025</strong></a></td><td>Major enhancements including <strong>global agent settings</strong>, smarter <strong>data collection</strong>, <strong>privacy</strong> compliance tools, <strong>prompt</strong> upgrades, <strong>metadata</strong> support, and <strong>multilingual</strong> content translation.</td></tr><tr><td>June 2025</td><td><a href="voice-in-web-chat-more-accessible-conversations.md"><strong>Voice in Web Chat: More Accessible Conversations</strong></a></td><td><strong>Native voice features in the web chat widget</strong>: users can speak to transcribe messages or listen to the chatbot replies with customizable voices for a more inclusive, hands-free experience.</td></tr><tr><td>June 2025</td><td><a href="issue-tracker-for-tests-and-improvements.md"><strong>Issue Tracker for Tests &#x26; Improvements</strong></a></td><td>Built-in <strong>QA dashboard</strong> to track, manage, and resolve assistant improvement points collaboratively.</td></tr><tr><td>May 2025</td><td><a href="non-conversational-triggers.md"><strong>Non-Conversational Triggers</strong></a></td><td><strong>Activate agents via external events</strong> (e.g., CRM updates or calendar actions) using native Platform API.</td></tr><tr><td>March 2025</td><td><a href="../../getting-started/communication-channels/voice.md"><strong>The Voice Channel</strong></a></td><td><strong>Voice-enabled assistant</strong> via phone and web chat, customizable voice and interaction flow.</td></tr><tr><td>March 2025</td><td><a href="../../getting-started/security-compliance-and-trust/"><strong>Enterprise-Ready Security Features</strong></a></td><td><strong>Enhanced security</strong> with advanced tools like <strong>anti-jailbreak detection</strong>, <strong>audit logs</strong>, and <strong>secrets management</strong>, ensuring that your platform is protected against unauthorized access, maintaining compliance, and safeguarding sensitive data.</td></tr><tr><td>February - March 2025</td><td><a href="workspace-updates-q1-2025.md"><strong>Workspace Updates - Q1 2025</strong></a></td><td>A more streamlined workspace with <strong>advanced features</strong> like <strong>debugging</strong>, <strong>email integration</strong>, and <strong>file uploads</strong>.</td></tr><tr><td>February 2025</td><td><a href="the-next-generation-web-chat.md"><strong>The Next-Generation Web Chat</strong></a></td><td>A <strong>reimagined web chat interface</strong> that enhances the user experience with intuitive, feature-rich interactions like a customizable homepage and vibrant visuals.</td></tr><tr><td>January 2025</td><td><a href="a-new-version-of-our-platform.md"><strong>A New Version of our Platform</strong></a></td><td>A <strong>complete platform redesign</strong>, enhancing usability, flexibility, and agent creation speed.</td></tr></tbody></table>
